hey guys the biker a guy back with
another edition of in four words and for
today's episode i asked you guys to
describe pitch perfect 2 in for words
here are my favorite responses the
pitches are back digiti pitching a pitch
pitch just kill me no girly musical too
perfect also music tacular epic that's
three words fat Amy's life gonna love
fat Amy well she is the hottest of all
the Bellas after all it could've been
better do you master of one um actually
it's DSM Amaro so you're out of here
that girl is poison you're welcome pitch
perfect 2 in four words see mad max
instead you are my flashlight nice
reference we need more acapellas come on
Appa people go uncle watch this movie ah
canal smooth mcgroove with attitude
really like that guy as well she wasn't
worried undo player she wasn't wearing
underwear where is Carmen Sandiego Thank
You potato blade finally somebody got
the reference I made from my opening and
lastly stop singing show boobs very
mature and with that final quote is the
end of this episode of in four words I
want to take this time to thank each and
every one of you for contributing to
this video with your awesome responses
this is the most i've ever gone for an
in forwards video so I'm happy to see
that this segment is growing in that all
of you are really into the idea of doing
this type of video some thank you and
I'll keep them going as long as you guys
wanted to keep on going and if you have
not forget I'm still hosting my BCG form
film on video submissions type contest
so if you have now turned it in yet you
can still turn in the due date will be
May twenty night that's next Friday so
go ahead make your videos and if you
have no watch that video I'll probably
have a link to it right here and also if
you want to do me a little solid you see
this channel right here clashing heads
that's my other channel that I deal with
my best friend on YouTube Joe from agree
disagree and if you could go check that
channel out and hit that subscribe
button I would really
appreciate it but until then guys if you
would like to see more awesome videos
here on the black for the guy channel
and be a blow the black critic room
please hit that subscribe button below
lioness me if you really enjoyed it out
to know on the second the black critic
guy which if you think about it is for
words right there but until then peace
YouTube